TBS OKTA-488936 Updates language in release notes (#3317)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/customize-tokens-static/index.md

---

> title: Customize tokens returned from Okta with a static allowlist

Author: ```suggestion
title: Customize tokens returned from Okta with a static allow list
```
